Do now you're going to get to do a tiny tiny project so we can practice with react.
And this is the first project of all the projects that we can do.
We're going to do three projects this one is going to be real simple.
The next one is going to hit the real life with react.
And at the end we get to do one large application with react and redux.
So that's the plan.
So I'll get the final result.
It's going to be this one whatever the page loads.
We can have just a banner with the logo and you can have a list of artists.
This list is going to come is going to come from a database from a fake database.
I got to tell you about that in a minute.
So we clicked the artist and it's going to take us to a new Pew new component.
We're going to have the image and the name description and the related Alvin's And of course if we go
back it's going to go back home.
So we have to use for now.
Now we going to make use of Jason's server.
If you don't know Jason server it's an awesome awesome application.
What's the application that we can install to make a fake API.
So I'm going to tell you how to solve it how to use it.
Don't worry about pretty much the ideas that we install it and it's going to create a rest at API right
here inside inside of our project and we can make network calls to that.
And this is fake of course this is just for developing just for testing.
It's not to use is not for real life use it is not for production.
OK.
So the first step is going to be installing making installing a new batch with create re-act app.
I did that and I've deleted everything and left the index non-jazz and inside the public folder I've
just left the index that HVM out.
I'm going to give you a resource image folder with images.
It's going to be all the albums and the covers and everything else.
So you just download it and put it inside the images.
OK.
So to use the fake API we need to install Jason's server.
It's going to go to the terminal can it open the terminal window closes.
So to install it first we need to solve it globally.
We can we can do it just for this instance.
It's always good to have it globally because we can use it a lot so I'm going to say NPM install and
then begin to start we install Google.
So it's minus D then space and then Jason Jason dash dash server market and we're going to do.
Mine is mine a safe course.
I've already having it all the way it's going to take just a minute so I'm going to pass the Tiberio
OK.
Everything is done.
We're going to start to sever in a few seconds.
But first I want to install the re-act router because you're going to use routes with this.
So I'm going to go to the Bache again and again to say NPM install and then we will say re-act router
Dasch Dom and we're going to use the app for that 0 0.
I'm going to I'm doing this because we have router changed a lot through the years many months.
So maybe the updated version.
So if we install the four 00 we're going to be working on the same version if they just release a new
version with a lot of differences.
Can to just update the course don't worry.
So we click enter and it's going to take a few seconds and I'll just be right back OK so now everything
is ready.
So I'm going to open a new shell and I'm going to start the Jason server to start it when we need to
do is we may need to say Jason server and it's going to be minus minus.
Watch this space.
And now what we need to do we need to set a reference where this database this Jason database is going
to be I give you so we source along with the images a DVD that Jason.
So you need to put this file on the root directory just right there.
And inside this DVD on Jason we just have adjacent Jason File.
All right.
Just that and right here we're going to say Jason's server minus minus watch and we make reference to
that file so it's going to be divi dot Jaison.
Right now the next thing is going to be to select the port where it's going to be running.
So we're going to do minus minus port and then I'm going to use the 3 0 0 4 for this one is the default
one for the adjacent server.
So just going to click enter.
And if we have no problem should be there.
OK.
And it's ready now whenever it's done is going to say loading either Jason done and it's going to give
you resources.
Now if I copy this and just go to the to a new tab and just paste it right there is going to give you
the adjacent file we have.
So we can make a network call to this local host 3.00 for our artist and we can do it we can do operations
with this database you just like a real API.
So that's that's the first thing I'm going to go back to the to the to the main show.
And I'm going to do NPM start.
Nothing is going to happen because we don't have any files yet.
I'm just going to started right now.
OK.
So let's go to the next section and we will start building the index the main index of this application.